what's up youtubers I'm going to do a
lesson for somebody to love by Queen and
I think it'll be easiest what's easy for
me anyway just to play the song and I'll
try to tell you the chords as I'm
playing them or hopefully you'll be able
to recognize the chords as I'm playing
because they're all pretty basic there's
really all the chords or a G f-sharp E
minor C d7 G those are most Accords
there's an a7 in there at some point
normal D alright that's pretty much what
you going to use those chords so let's
go from there
the song starts on with just lyrics just
can anybody well if you want to play on
top of that it starts on a G alright
little side note I'm using a capo on the
first fret so it brings everything up a
half-step so even though I'm playing a
normal G here it's really a G sharp so
if you wanted to play it without the
capo you can use all these chords just
bring them up a half step so instead of
a normal G you play a barred G sharp and
so on okay it's end result is the same
all right let's go through it uh the
lyrics start with can there's no music
in the back or anything like that
however if you want to play the back in
chords for it it's G
f-sharp E minor C D 7
C D G
[Music]
sharp E minor
gee a 7d G sharp E minor
d7d
a 7d
a 7d cg
a sharp E minor C T 7g
[Music]
f-sharp E minor G a 7d
she F sharp E minor a seven
d g a7 d
deep a 7d c g
G G f-sharp E minor C d7 g g7
[Music]
see
see seven
[Music]
and F minor
a seven
[Music]
now soul is going to start on this on a
G f-sharp E minor G a 7 D G f-sharp E
minor a seven
gee a 7d
d k7 d c-- back in the song g
[Music]
f-sharp E minor C d7 G
G f-sharp E minor
[Music]
gee a 7d
G f-sharp E minor
p7
deep
a seven
[Music]
t7
first little break right there do the
five mean to somebody love part that's
so if you want to play a core behind it
play the G
[Music]
Sharkey minor C D G ever
there you that's it I'll post the box
the cords in the box that's below or
next or above the screen wherever the
hell it is alright
got any questions comments suggestions
ideas for other songs leave me a message
leave a comment do whatever you want to
do and I'll catch you guys next time
later